one day
misses
the human colocolinas family member
this Thursday he arrived at chile juan
guillermo dominguez colombian flyer
25 years old from newell's old
boys from Argentina on their arrival in the country
the chiqueros were immediately
doctors at the meds clinic for
be integrated to colo colo jobs
we chat with juan guillermo domínguez
about his arrival at the popular club and the
relationship with the omar labruna
obviously happy for the reception
and I talked to the teacher before, he knows the
work that he did obviously we were
years ago in the sports cali his
together so with much expectation
obviously now that I have a little more
of experience with a lot of desire to play
and to be able to contribute the best of my stop
for colo colo will be to give joy to
the fans what the town of
colo colo
the carpenter steering wheel also expressed his
Feeling of wearing it alva print
of the club and its projections in colo colo
the opportunity that my own brand gives me
to be able to get here this great team
for me it was great to know about this
opportunity I knew I was going to get to the
bigger chili so I knew what I
I was going to find and well, it surprises me
have the chance to become a
titular player here in colo colo and
power
get the title that would be nice
power as I told you now to be champion
with the team and stay for many years
here in colo colo because the truth is
I like it quite free like the acquaintance
Dominguez breaks down its characteristics and
way to play always played by the
band is always sideways I see it from
left wing flyer
I've always had that ease of
be polyfunctional by the side I
like
be balanced in my position
obviously I like to attack quite
seek to have the greatest possibility of
be on the offensive side but without
neglect the defensive part you do not know
you have to have it right now that
balance between defense and attacks the
moment during which so who is
oblivious to the important steps that
they had their compatriots the strip of
vallenato in pedrero how they were
machinery and towers and giovanni hernández
be in colo colo or I think it opens me
much more the door to be in the
selection so as I said I think that
manel and johann did a great job
here in colo colo
and that too
it's a motivation for me to know that
they remained in the club's history
so I can have that chance
right now with the opportunity that they are
giving so I hope I can have the
possibility of staying in the history of
club also with the conviction and
clear goals to win and have a colo colo
the summit Juan Carlos Domínguez
I send a message that all the fans
popular is that they accompany us that they can
have that possibility to support us and
good in juan guillermo find a
player that is going to run all that the
will put all that do not leave value for
lost and good as they say here and you have to
wet it so I hope I can have that
chance and earn the love of the
swollen
I want more